That's good. Yeong-ro's still alive.
They must've listened to the instructions.
Then should we let the press know, sir?
We should tell Code 1 first.
Let's hurry. You know
how impatient he is. Let's go.
Hello?
Yes. And?
What? What are you talking about?
Eun Yeong-u?
How did that happen
to an administrative clerk?
Eat.
Aren't I just a human shield?
So why?
I'm not telling you to eat for your sake,
but for our sake.
Because the ANSP director's daughter
shouldn't starve to death?
That paper airplane…
Why do you have it?
Don't tell me
you came to the dorm
because of that paper airplane.
Hello. This is JBC breaking news.
During the engagement
on the West Sea around 22:00 last night,
Eun Yeong-u, the son of the ANSP director,
was injured and passed away.
It has been known that the person KIA
was corporate Kim Seong-hun,
but it turned out
that it was marine Eun Yeong-u,
the ANSP director's son, that died.
What's more shocking is that Lim Soo-ho,
the leader of the spies
who killed Eun Yeong-u,
is holding the students hostage
in Hosu University dorm as we speak.
He'd been acting secretly
all over East Germany,
but he disguised himself as an economics
graduate student at Berlin University
and came to Korea
to approach Professor Han I-seop.
This is the shocking truth revealed a day
after the engagement on the West Sea.
We will update you
as soon as we find out more.
Cardiac arrest!
Bring him back.
Bring him back!
So the ANSP director's daughter
hid you in this dorm?
But don't let
your personal feelings ruin our mission.
The doctor?
I never had any personal feelings for her.
We don't intend to hurt you.
We want this to end
without anyone getting hurt.
So you must know
this is the scheme the high-ups of
our countries planned for the election.
They don't intend to rescue the hostages.
That's a bomb, isn't it?
Aren't they going to just kill us all?
Where's Yeong-ro?
Let me out.
BONUS
The doctor who treated you
is comrade Kang Cheong-ya
also known as Moran Hill 1.
Moran…
No. Don't get up.
Get better as soon as possible.
To go back alive in ten days.
Comrade.
Am I dreaming right now?
Can you pinch me?
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]